fix(curriculum): hint in step 46 of platformer game (#53970)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-oop-by-building-a-platformer-game/64acf287857bb38e6dd7ca69.md

# --hints--

> You should have an `if` statement that checks if the right key was pressed and the player's `x` position is less than `proportionalSize(400)`.The `this` keyword should not be used here because that is only for the `Player` class and not the use of the `player` object.

Reviewer: Let's update this last sentence to tweak the grammar and phrase it as a general reminder of the `this` keyword.

```suggestion
You should have an `if` statement that checks if the right key was pressed and the player's `x` position is less than `proportionalSize(400)`.  Remember that the `this` keyword should not be used here because that is only for the `Player` class and not for the `player` object.
```
